[Music]
imagine they are driving at night and
all of a sudden you know flat tire do
you have company the phone's battery is
dead and there's no one around to help
you what do you do in such kind of
situation hi everyone I'm project that
I'm going to show you how to change a
flat tire all by yourself whenever you
realize you have a flat tire the first
thing you have to do is pull over the
car to the side of the road make sure
you park it on the level surface the way
I have done it shouldn't be on the
slopes and there shouldn't be any stones
beneath it put on your parking lights
and pull the handbrake you will find all
the tools and the spare tire at the back
of your car in the boot rock to remove
the spare tire you need to unscrew it
first
remove the jack as well the first thing
you have to do is remove the wheel cap
then remove the first line
the little hard to loosen the nuts so I
can leverage your bodyweight to loosen
them
don't remove the nuts completely
otherwise the wheel might come off
this is a Jacke you have to place it on
the flat surface the groove has to be
under the metal body of the car once you
secure the jack you need to lift it up
with the help of these tools this is
called as a Tommy put the hook inside
and rotate it in the cloud or clockwise
direction
you need to lift it up to a point where
in your tire can move freely remove the
nuts completely put them in the wheel
cap
then remove the tag now take the spare
tire and put them on these screws you
may have to adjust them a little bit put
the nuts back and secure them diagonally
lower the jack to a point till the tire
touches the ground rotate this in the
anti-clockwise direction
I did not secure me
and put the wheel cap back put all the
tools and the spare tire back in the car
we are done see it wasn't that difficult
at all
[Music]